welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the vengeance and then 200 standard
edition from Corsair yes it was only a
matter of time Corsair has speakers mice
keyboards headsets they had to do a
mousepad at some point so this is a
glide optimized textile surface which
basically means as a cloth mousepad okay
a little friction design for gaming
mouse sensors I should certainly hope so
non-slip natural rubber base that's good
okay the glide optimal let's just see
what they have to say for themselves
because there's not much to say about a
mousepad the gaming tuned cloth surface
delivers excellent led characteristics
allow you to execute that swipes or pull
off high precision shots with confidence
and consistency carefully screened a
surface material that delivered
excellent tracking with any gaming MOS
sensor stable and secured so we added a
no-slip base that provides a cushion
with just the right amount of give it's
made of natural rubber so it doesn't
have a harsh chemical order harsh
chemical odors actually are a bit of a
mousepad problem from my experience in
the past alright okay I can still see
okay not a little bit dizzy so that's
good so there you have it it's a cloth
mousepad size looks pretty good
so you could you know we had a mouse
around here you know how to better find
a mouse yeah for sheer scale so you can
see what that actually glides pretty
nice you can see what of Corsair and 60
looks like on it so you could move like
this on it I don't know what else you
guys want me to say I mean the the
non-slip pad on the bottom is pretty
good you can see it doesn't move pretty
much no matter how much pressure I put
on it you can move it easily if you lift
it up a little bit but what else is in
the demo there's of course our logo on
the bottom right corner thank you for
checking out my unboxing you first look
at the end and 200 standard edition
overweight look it says touch me oh look
at that that's the cutest thing ever
they actually have like a sample of the
material on the bottom of the tube
that's awesome don't forget to subscribe
- tech tips from unboxings reviews
and other computer videos